hello everyone
this is mk today's movie is about a
group of students trapped in a cave
where time does not work the way they
think it does
the movie starts with students adam and
fiona along with their friends grace
hannah and ivan go on a road trip into
the remote area of texas
they are trying to track and locate a
favorite archaeology professor
who has vanished without a trace while
on the search for missing hippies who
had gone searching for the fountain of
youth
they soon discover their professor's
desert vehicle which is next to a hippie
van
tied to the hippie van is a rope leading
into the entrance of a concealed cave
nearby
adam fiona grace and hannah decide to
investigate the cave
while ivan stays behind as backup
armed with mountain climbing equipment
and ropes the group unknowingly rappels
into a break in the space-time continuum
where time passes at a rate much slower
than on the surface
because of the time differences the
ropes ages quickly and snapped cleanly
leaving the group with no hopes of
getting back to the cave entrance
earlier
as they move on the group hears some
strange whispers coming from deep inside
the cave
at one point they find ivan lying on the
floor
dead presumably fallen into the cave
opening from above
reviewing his video recordings they find
that to their horror
they are experiencing a time distortion
inside the cave
where time moves very slowly compared to
the surface of the earth
light flashes above the cavern opening
which they theorize to be the relatively
rapid rising and setting of the sun
[Music]
out of desperation grace free climbs out
of the cave in order to get a gps signal
she discovers the surrounding area to be
unfamiliar barren and
rocky with a strange triangular object
in the sky
when she returns to the cave after
roughly half an hour
her companions insist she was only gone
a second
they compare video of their different
observations to reveal the time
discrepancy
further evaluation of ivan's camera
reveals the light flashes to not be days
and nights but entire seasons
along with the horrifying discovery ivan
survived his fall but was attacked by
another being in the cave
grace prepares to climb out again in
search of help but is interrupted by a
futuristic humanoid spaceman descending
via a retractable ladder
the spaceman is attacked by a savage who
seems to appear out of nowhere
the group flee and descend further into
the cave to discover more savages who
appear to be primitive cavemen
they also discover the still-warm bodies
of the missing hippies and that the
legendary fountain of youth really does
exist inside this cave
adam is severely wounded by the caveman
when trying to get the group to safety
the spaceman appears and places adam in
the fountain of youth
healing him completely the spaceman is
again attacked by the savages
the students help him but his breathing
mask is pulled off in the fight
the spaceman has trouble breathing and
speaks a language the group does not
understand
he indicates he is out of time and shows
the students a series of media clips
from their own missing persons report to
an announcement of a space station
called the ark
which grace recognized as the triangular
object she saw in the sky
the space man dies and the atom finds a
backpack belonging to professor frank
adam goes looking for him and finds him
injured in front of another time
dilation
where his long-missing sister is frozen
in time
along with a legion of spanish
conquistador soldiers
still having an ongoing battle with the
aborigines for the control of the
fountain
the professor recounts his experience of
time dilation
after entering the cave and reveals the
hippies to be his parents
the group places ivan in the fountain of
youth and prepare to leave the cave
using the spaceman's ladder through the
cave opening scene earlier
now warped into an aquatic portal the
caveman pull down the ladder before all
are able to climb it
grace makes it to the top and is pulled
through the aquatic portal by grayclawed
beings before she can help her friends
now frozen in time she reappears through
the portal
differently dressed and accompanying
rope-like mechanisms which pull her
friends plus ivan
frank and frank's revived family through
they remerge in the futuristic
triangular space station arc orbiting
above the earth
that's all for the movie thank you for
watching
please subscribe for more update